- Building a Timetable App for Samuel Essuman
	- Today, we are going build this UI.
	- It is a simple timetable app that will be used to schedule lectures for tertiary students.
	- This project belongs to Samuel Simon Essuman, a very good friend of mine
	- So Samuel proposed that I record it and share it to YouTube so that others can learn from it.
	- Let get this done right away
	- For the techstack,
	- I think I will go with SvelteKit and TailwindCss for this project
	- Why???
	- Erm, because Svelte is the best JS framework out there
	- and writing CSS with Tailwind is more fun.
	- Don't agree with me,
	- Vote for your favorite JavaScript and CSS framework in the comment section below.
	- The frameworks with the highest vote will be used for the next video.
	- Also, let me mention that, I really love helping students out their final year projects.
	- So tell a friend, to tell a friend.
	- Subscribe to this channel and hit the bell icon to be notified anytime I post a new video.
	- Okay, let get started with this project
	- First, let's take a look at the UI and see what we need to do first.
	- Let's start by first mocking up this UI.
	- I will be using [Tailwind Play](https://play.tailwindcss.com/) for mocking the UI,  link is in the description below
	- Then we will later extract the repeated codes into components and use them in our SvelteKit project
	- Go to [Tailwind Play](https://play.tailwindcss.com/)
	- First, lets export the icons so that we can use them in our project,
	- To export multiple assets, hold down the  Ctrl key on the keyboard, and click on the individual assets to select them
	- then, go to the export tab and choose SVG since we we these icons to maintain their scale
	- Then we extract the colors
	- Now that we've got our assets, we can start building this UI.
	- First, lets identify sections of the UI where there is repetition and extract them into components