- [[Dev Log]] #fleeting
	- project:: graphql-code-generator
	- Update: The PR to `graphql-code-generator` repo has been reviewed by CharlyProly. He request some changes mainly in the config where I left some TODOs statements there to remind me that I need to implement those. But since the config is used to generate the docs for the plugin, having those TODOs in the  docs isn't the best approach. hence I am removing all those options and keep them here. He also made some comments on why some boolean config options have `undefined` as their default values. I told him I will fix those on my next push, but I have to tell him that, the presence or absence of those config options have a special meaning. They are used to decide which Freezed decorator to use. If even one of those options is set, then the plugin will use `@Freezed()` passing in the appropriate arguments to the `@Freezed` constructor. In their absence, the plugin fallback to using the normal `@freezed` decorator which accepts no configurations.
	-
	- Challenges: I have had a though time creating a bash script to forward all arguments to the `graphql-codegen` module installed in the `graphql-codegen-flutter-freezed` package.
	- Proposed Solution: I need to ask for help on how this plugin can be used in a global context as normally, users will be using it in a Dart project, not a JS project where they can do an `npm install`
	- TODOs:
		- Implement the following config
			- constraints
			  
			  ```ts
			   /**
			     * @name constraints
			     * @description TODO: support  https://github.com/confuser/graphql-constraint-directive
			     * @exampleMarkdown
			     * ```yml
			     * # THis requires that a validation library is installed in your flutter project
			     * # see: https://github.com/confuser/graphql-constraint-directive
			     * constraint:
			     *   minLength: min # same as ['min', '$1']
			     *   maxLength: max
			     *   startsWith: ["matches", "/^$1/"]
			     *   endsWith: ["matches", "/$1$/"]
			     *   contains: ["matches", "/$1/"]
			     *   notContains: ["matches", "/^((?!$1).)*$/"]
			     *   pattern: ["matches", "/$1/"]
			     *   format:
			     *     # For example, `@constraint(format: "uri")`. this case $1 will be "uri".
			     *     # Therefore the generator generates an @Assert(field.isUri) decorator
			     *     # If $1 does not match anywhere, the generator will ignore.
			     *     uri: url
			     *     email: email
			     *     uuid: uuid
			     *     ipv4: ipv4
			     *   min: ["min", "$1 - 1"]
			     *   max: ["max", "$1 + 1"]
			     *   exclusiveMin: min
			     *   exclusiveMax: max
			     * ```
			     *
			     */
			  
			    constraints?: Record<string, any>;
			  
			  
			    /**
			     * @name interfaceNamePrefix
			     * @description append this string to the abstract class name for Interface Types
			     * @default ""
			     *
			     * @exampleMarkdown
			     * ```yml
			     * generates:
			     *   flutter_app/lib/data/models/app_models.dart
			     *     plugins:
			     *       - flutter-freezed
			     *     config:
			     *       interfaceNamePrefix: "I_"
			     * ```
			     */
			  
			    interfaceNamePrefix?: string; // TODO:
			  
			    /**
			     * @name interfaceNameSuffix
			     * @description prepend this string to the abstract class name for Interface Types
			     * @default "Interface"
			     *
			     * @exampleMarkdown
			     * ```yml
			     * generates:
			     *   flutter_app/lib/data/models/app_models.dart
			     *     plugins:
			     *       - flutter-freezed
			     *     config:
			     *       interfaceNameSuffix: "Interface"
			     * ```
			     */
			  
			    interfaceNameSuffix?: string; // TODO:
			  
			    /**
			     * @name modular
			     * @description if true, generates each Freezed class in the baseDir
			     * @default true
			     *
			     * @exampleMarkdown
			     * ```yml
			     * generates:
			     *   flutter_app/lib/data/models/app_models.dart
			     *     plugins:
			     *       - flutter-freezed
			     *     config:
			     *       modular: false
			     * ```
			     */
			  
			    modular?: boolean; // TODO: Figure out how to make it modular
			  ```
			-
	- Objectives: What you intend on achieving
	- Research Notes:
- # Job Opportunity #career
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-08-05 Fri 21:40:46]--[2022-08-05 Fri 21:40:47] =>  00:00:01
  :END:
  At exactly 12:34 PM today, I recieved a call from Alex, a christian brother and friend I know who is/was at Logig. He enquired about my location, then my availability for a full-time employment. I told him I am currently teaching a primary school and that I would prefer remote work which he made it clear that remote is not an option.
	- But here is why I think they should consider remote
	  collapsed:: true
		- Remote that necessarily mean part-time. I can work the usual 8am-5pm schedule, just that I won't be physically present throughout the entire period but I can drop as often as need
		- If they agree with cloud computing or Backend As A Service, and that managing infrastructure is expensive and slows down growth of the company, remote work also offers them the ability to focus on just one thing: shipping out their products without burdening the company with other cost such as accommodation/rent allowance, feeding, transportation and other infrastructure like office space, and other company resources.
		- If they are worried about trade secrets/confidentiality, well they shouldn't. Lots of startups as well as Fortune 500 companies like Apple rely on goods/services from China. 
		  
		  Who says that China can't replicate the same idea for a different product for their own gain. As a company, your focus should be on delivery the best product/service to your clients and keeping them happy. 
		  
		  You should waste time fighting the competition. You should rather focus on being the best to none on the market.
		  
		   At the end of the day, your clients don't care whether they are using a battery made in China, or a screen assembled by a competitor like Samsung. All what they care is that their iPhone delivers the best experience they can find out there.
		- A lot of company aren't maxing out the productivity of the staff as most don't consider the stress involved in commuting to the office everyday. 
		  
		  Whether they are being conveyed by a company bus, or they drive themselves to the office or use public transportation, the time spent moving from the house to the office is so much in today's urban cities. Traffics starts as early as 7:00am and last throughout to mid-day, then the evening jams sarts at 3pm and last all the way to 9pm. 
		  
		  Imagine staying in a slow moving traffic and getting home around 10pm. What time will you eat, rest and prepare for the next day.
		- An even if the company provides some form of accommodation and even feeding, it still breaks the 2nd point. 
		  
		  Most of your employees already have accommodation hence hosting them on-premise is drills more holes into the company's pocket/resources. 
		  
		  There is no place like home and you can't make employees feel more comfortable anywhere other than their home. 
		  
		  In fact, all the distractions that might come from the house are really the essential parts that makes it more comfortable reason being that you are surrounded by people who love you, understand you and appreciate you. 
		  
		  These same people may be the destructive force at home, but nothing is more powerful than to love and be loved. Your colleagues at work may do that, but they can never replace that from the home.
		- Lastly, what is the companies priority and in terms of growth, what metrics is the company looking at? Are they measuring their growth by the number of on-premise staff they have or by the revenue/profits they make and how the deliver the best experience to the clients?
	- And here is why I **strongly** prefer remote work
	  collapsed:: true
		- I want to build a massive portfolio. I want my resume to be filled with so many entries of working with so many companies. Having worked at just one company for a long duration doesn't fit into my plan. By working remote, I get to do more things and having some variety fits my personality. I would easily get bored and loose passion if I am to work one job, and do they same thing over and over again.
		- Don't keep all your eggs in one basket. I have had experience where I went to very unpleasant financial crisis because my employer didn't had enough funds to make payments for salaries. Though payment were made eventually, those period cause me to rely on loans, and when the salaries came in I had to pay back the loans, leaving me with almost nothing to survive on other than to go for another loan. This inevitability become an endless cycle and that hand-to-mouth living condition broke me down totally. By working remotely, I can optimize my time, and get more done, having multiple steady income streams and living a happy life. A true leader seeks in the development of his followers and not his own gain. If this company is not bent on making profits of the backs of its employee but rather to empower them to grow, then allowing them to work remotely from the comfort of their home is one way to get started
		- Lots of companies are in search of  Tech professionals. Finding the right talents is not easy, that is why agencies like Topal and Fiver and Upwork have taken it upon to find the right talents. I believe it is more efficient to start a fish pond and grow your preferred breed of fish and fish from that pond than to go out on the sea searching for fish to bring home. 
		  
		  But not all companies have the time to train up talents and breed professionals they need. Those who have tried will confess that, it is not easy. Not all the people you train might complete the training, those who make it out might still need further polishing and no company is willing to ever risk getting into this.
		- Well they are looking at it wrong. I am daring into this space but with a different perspective. I intend to build a community of passion-filled tech enthusiast who can fill in the tech gap of any company/start-up and offer them tech support until the company is matured enough to acquire is in-house developers. We will be your in-house developers but remote until you acquire those specific talents. 
		  
		  You can also poach some of out best professionals. Like I said, it a community not a company, and we have no issue nurturing the talents for sharks like you to devour.
		- By working remote, I get first hand insight of these challenges, so that I can better fine tune the variables for an abundant yield of these talents
		- I write codes for the fun and I am ever willing to help. But I can do my best work if I am in the best environment. In an environment where I can still enjoy writing codes without seeing it as work but rather a fun activity. Being in a cooperate/formal environment breaks that feeling. I no longer enjoy writing codes as I find them as things I have to do, not things I want to do. By imposing some
- [[Dev Log]] #fleeting
	- project:: project
	- Update: Published `v0.5.0` to npm. Still can't generate codes with the `flutter-freezed` command installed globally.
	  ```sh
	   ╰─λ flutter-freezed
	  /home/parables/.volta/tools/image/packages/graphql-codegen-flutter-freezed/bin
	  target dir:==> /home/parables/.volta/tools/image/packages/graphql-codegen-flutter-freezed/bin
	  Script dir:==> /home/parables/.volta/tools/image/packages/graphql-codegen-flutter-freezed/lib/node_modules/graphql-codegen-flutter-freezed
	  
	  > graphql-codegen-flutter-freezed@0.5.0 gen
	  > graphql-codegen "--config" "/home/parables/.volta/tools/image/packages/graphql-codegen-flutter-freezed/bin/codegen.yml"
	  
	  sh: line 1: graphql-codegen: command not found
	  
	  ```
	- Challenges: With the previous version, the `flutter-freezed` command complained of a missing `package.json` which was obvious because we were executing this command from a flutter project.
	- Proposed Solution: To tackle this problem, I modified the `flutter-freezed.sh` file
		- before:
		  ```bash
		  #!/bin/bash
		  
		  npm run gen -- "$@"
		  
		  ```
		- after: `v0.5.0`
		  ```bash
		  #!/bin/bash
		  
		  DIR="$(cd "$(dirname "${BASH_SOURCE[0]}")" && pwd)"
		  
		  echo "$DIR"
		  
		  SCRIPT_PATH="${BASH_SOURCE}"
		  while [ -L "${SCRIPT_PATH}" ]; do
		      SCRIPT_DIR="$(cd -P "$(dirname "${SCRIPT_PATH}")" >/dev/null 2>&1 && pwd)"
		      SCRIPT_PATH="$(readlink "${SCRIPT_PATH}")"
		      [[ ${SCRIPT_PATH} != /* ]] && SCRIPT_PATH="${SCRIPT_DIR}/${SCRIPT_PATH}"
		  done
		  SCRIPT_PATH="$(readlink -f "${SCRIPT_PATH}")"
		  SCRIPT_DIR="$(cd -P "$(dirname -- "${SCRIPT_PATH}")" >/dev/null 2>&1 && pwd)"
		  
		  echo "target dir:==> ${DIR}"
		  echo "Script dir:==> ${SCRIPT_DIR}"
		  cd "$SCRIPT_DIR" || exit
		  
		  npm run gen -- --config "$DIR/codegen.yml" "$@"
		  
		  ```
		- The bash script to get the location of the `flutter-freezed` process was copied from [Get Bash Script Location From Within the Script | Baeldung on Linux](https://www.baeldung.com/linux/bash-get-location-within-script)
		- While this worked, there was some minor adjustments to be made.
			- on line 5 of `v0.5.0` in the snippet above `echo "$DIR"`, this printed the current flutter project which is what I was were expecting. However when it got to line 20 above `npm run gen -- --config "$DIR/codegen.yml" "$@"` the config argument was set to the location of the process.
		- Solution 1: Reorder the bash script so that the `DIR` variable is set after getting the location of the `flutter-freezed` process.
	- Objectives: What you intend on achieving
		- Hopefully, if everything goes well as expected, The config should recieve the current working directory which is the flutter project
		- Again, the `npm run gen -- --config "$DIR/codegen.yml" "$@"` should actually fire the generator. Currently getting `sh: line 1: graphql-codegen: command not found`
	- Research Notes:
		- [Get Bash Script Location From Within the Script | Baeldung on Linux](https://www.baeldung.com/linux/bash-get-location-within-script) #articles #how-to
		- [Find the Current Working Directory of a Running Process | Baeldung on Linux](https://www.baeldung.com/linux/find-working-directory-of-running-process) #articles #how-to
		- [How to Get the Directory of a Bash Script - Codefather](https://codefather.tech/blog/bash-get-script-directory/) #articles #how-to
			- ```sh
			  SCRIPT_DIR=$(cd $(dirname "${BASH_SOURCE[0]}") && pwd)
			  ```
		- [Find Current Working Directory Of A Process Using Pwdx In Linux](https://ostechnix.com/find-current-working-directory-of-a-process-using-pwdx-in-linux/) #articles #how-to
		- [Make an NPM Package Executable with npx | PäksTech](https://pakstech.com/blog/npx-script/) #articles #how-to
	- Discoveries:
		- [explainshell.com - match command-line arguments to their help text](https://explainshell.com/) #tools #bash #shell
	- TODO:
		- Execute a `package.json` script which in turn fires a cli of a package installed in the node modules in global context
		- Test that it would work if I put a `codegen.yml` file in the same location of the #flutter-freezed command and execute the `flutter-freezed.sh` script directly.
		-
-
-