- Today, I spoke with an old friend back in ICODE: Solomon Asiedu, who is now working in Amalitech Ghana. I was the one who encouraged him to apply for their graduate training programme when we were together at our boss house(Mr. Prince Bonney-Smart).
- He told me of the salary boosts he is enjoying and in fact I was quite impressed so I have decided that I will also give it second try. The first time, their application process was quite lengthy and I didn't have my Diploma certificate yet. That was what made me go to Sunyani on March 5th, 2020
- So now that I have my cert, and a working experience from ICODE, I think I am finally ready to give it a second attempt and hopefully make it through the training in less than the 3 months suggested training period for experienced devs. I hope my long-term exposure to software development would be put to great use here.
- So this day, I will apply for the Amalitech Graduate Training Programme.
- I hope to achieve the following goals
	- Gain more insights into running a software development agency business.
	- How to manage people and code
	- Deeper insight into the industrial world and into building enterprise systems
	- Improve my financial status and hopefully launch Parables DBG Tech Shop, a place were you can purchase electronic components for robotics and computer/tech parts and resources for developers builders and gamers alike
- I will be dedicating the rest of the year into completing the training within the shortest possible time so help me God. 🙏
-
-
- I decided to link [ICODE's website](http://icodegh.com/), the one I built(not so proud of though) into my CV and found out that it has been taken down.
- I decided to try out https://icode.com/  and low and behold I landed on a tech shop for gamers and builders I think. I might consider to reaching out to them as partners in future when I launch DBGTech Store
-
- ## Must Read
	- [Enabling pull requests on GitHub wikis -  Growing with the Web](https://www.growingwiththeweb.com/2016/07/enabling-pull-requests-on-github-wikis.html) #articles #must-read
-
-