- [[Dev Log]] #fleeting
	- project:: Samuel Essuman's School Project
	- Update: Today, we had a very lengthy discussion about the project and futture enhancements.
		- Eventually, this project will become a full-blown school management system but because this is his final year project and personally, I want to mark this project as completed, we agreed to keep it simple (the name keeps me in check so that I don't over-engineer it) and focus only on managing lecturers and the courses assigned to them. I told him that, it has allways been on my bucket list to create a better School Management System motivated by my all-time favourite boss, Madam Sheila Acquah at the Institute of Distance and E-learning(IDeL) campus of the University of Education, Winneba at Fijai. Sekondi-Takoradi, Ghana.
		- THe stress she goes through as an Adminsitrator creating timetable, organizing and ochestrating almost every activity on the campus make the job to difficult for her and her boss Mr. Timothy Oyewu and it is for this reason I went on to build the idelmis.now.sh which is uncompleted because my laptop fell from my back and got damaged and I left the center before my NSS period was over to start my role in ICODE as a tech-associate. And since I quit my job at ICODe, I want to go back to that idelmis.now.wh project and complete it.
		- In our conversation, he said that there might be a need for a timetable generator. He said its is possible they might need that feature too. He wanted us to build the timetable feature directly into this project
		- I explained that, every software must do up to 99% of the task. The remaining 1% is the job meant for a human..
		- Also, a lot of schools had already faced that problem and since there is nothing new under the sun, there are some really good applications that do automatic time-table generation, notable among them is FET and Unitime.
		- FET, written in C++ is very good and very easy to install. But it is a desktop application with a CLI interface. Exposing it to a web application would involve purchasing a VPS, configuring it and the most difficult part  of creating a web API to interface with the CLI.
		- Unitime seems a very good alternative with a web itnerface but installing that one is no joke as it is written in Java and it usage might not be easy as well.
		- To get the timetable auto-generated, a human has to do the remaining 1%  by exporting the data from this web project using its API as a CSV, import it into FET and let FET do its thing and export the generated schedule back as CSV and upload it to this project through its API.
		- If we want to remove the human factor, then we have either rewrite the algorithm that FET uses and expose it to a web API or find a way to install FET on a web server and interface with it through its CLI or find a way to install UniTime and find a way to use it.
		- Either of them will introduce a lot of complexity where as the 1% can be done by a human in just 5 clicks
		- LATER I went ahead to tell him the tech-stack I was using... more o that later. I told him about the **"how to write Bullet-Proof Application"** which involved creating an API specification using OAS and AsyncAPI, feeding it into a generator I really have to build that will generate an app that uses both Event Sourcing and Event-driven architectures which fetches data from a headless Content Management Systems to manage the UI and  uses HATEOS to drive the application state(UI) #🛡️bpa
			- Actually, https://idelmis.now.sh was designed that way as aBullet-Proof application using Svelta components which allowed the pages to render dynamic contents which means a whole page with a form with lots of inputs were done in less than 5 lines of code. Just that the content were hard coded into it(I did know about CMS but I didn't fully understand their purpose until recently. I have also percieved that I can build my own CMS instead of using a SAAS).
			- The advantage of the **"Bullet-proof Application"** is that, extract all the common backend logic into headless service and reuse it for multiple projects by just tweaking the API schema, passing it to the generator and updating the CMS.... That's all.
			  id:: 63130269-6d8f-4066-910c-db19fae7553c
			- and if the clients requests for the source codes, since you have extracted the features as SAAS, you can give them the client app source code which is basically an app that makes HTTP calls and listens to events to render the UI, more like Client-side Event Sourcing with only reactors that render the UI
	- Challenges:
	- Proposed Solution:
		- Solution 1:
	- Objectives: What you intend on achieving
	- Research Notes:
		- [How To Use .env Variables In package.json | GenUI](https://www.genui.com/resources/env-variables-json) #articles
		-