- THE CHALLENGE
  heading:: true
	- I just had another heated argument with my dad, this is I think, the 3rd time we've argued strongly from our individual perspectives.
	- This argument began when my mom came home from the market and said that she couldn't find any fish to buy(either that or the money she took couldn't buy fish worth the amount).
	- I then made a comment that, "Se regyea Owusu a, obeye fish pond mpo"(if we are to leave  Owusu unrestricted, he will even make a fish pond).
	- My dad chipped in that, to make a fish pond, he will need machines to excavate the pond, and fence it and acquire all the things needed to make it before he makes it including money.
	- I battled his point that, without a machine, can't he still dig out the pond using the tools he has around him.
	- I said "To every problem, the solution lies within the boundary". I don't know if I have read this quote from somewhere, I honestly think I said that quote based on my understanding of another quote: "Don't wait for the right time to start, cause there will never be a **right** time. Start with what you have and as you move along, better tools will come your way".
	- Now, this is the genesis of the hated argument, his perspective of what I said was that, "I am saying that you can do something without using anything".
	- The argument was a lot of exchange and even though it happened just some few minutes ago from writing this (Sept 5th, 2020 8:59 am), I can only remember some key higlights
	- I said something that "does he know I started my programming career without a computer. Back then, the only thing I had was an LG KP 500, my first phone given to mew my by aunt: Mrs. Agnes Nkrumah. It was that phone I started googling around and discovering things."
	- My dad, which I would now refer to as He, then asked that "without my phone, how could I have started?".
	- I didn't give him an instant answer, but when he did asked the same thing again, I asked if he really wants me to give him an answer. He was so sure I wouldn't be able to give him a tangible answer.
	- However, my answer to his question, gave him a shock(that what I think). He was very surprised with my answer that, he steered the argument away from the initial topic, and out of anger(that is what I felt), he asked above his voice that, "Do i think I am wiser than him?"
	- My answer to question was, "Cafe"
	- I then went on to explain that "when I was growing up, I would go into cafe with some childhood friends... Derick Nyarko, Pascal, Simon, Kweku, Solomon and Sampson Brobery, and while I couldn't afford to buy time session to use the computers at the cafe, I took advantage of people who wouldn't use up all their time. Some people would just leave when their session is left with some few minutes to end. I would then rush over that computer and use it to settle my burning curiosity about computers and how they work." I was so fascinated about computers and technology growing up. That is actually my genesis.
	- All this while, my point in this argument were:
		- "To every problem, the solution lies within the boundary"
		- "Where there is a will, there is a way"
	- One thing I don't like about my dad is, in all the arguments we've had, he is also repeating his points, which are points I don't disagree and totally accept, but he refuses to even hear, least consider the perspective i am coming from.
	- Yes, you need money and tools to start a fish pond, my point is those resources are within your boundary. All you have to do is search, and ask and knock on the right doors.
	- If he really wants to make a fish pond, luckily, were are leaving in a mission house, and the church has a vast section of land. All you need is  a relatively small portion of it. Yes, the land is not yours, but you, my dad, you are the preacher of the church, the leader. All you have to do is ask your appointed church leaders that they should give you a small portion of the land to start the pond. IF you ask, surely you will receive. and even if you don't get it the first time, like the poor widow and the lawyer parable Jesus told in the Bible, you can ask again and again until you get an answer.
	- The church also has some shovels and pick-axes that you can use.
	- You can also ask for cutlass, from Sister Ekua, Emmanuel Sam's wife.
	- By asking, you can qcquire some basic tools to start with.
	- Of course digging out a fish pond is no easy task, and definitely not a one man job.
	- But by knocking on the right doors, you can get some youths in the church to help you. I am very strong and energetic myself, I can even do this alone, if I really have to.
	- Finally, you need some fingerlings, well again, you can go to a nearby fishing community and buy some fresh live fish or better still, go into the argic center near Abenbobom market, Apremdo, Takoradi, Ghana to buy the right stockings for the pnd.
	- You don't need millions, just some few cedis, even if you get just 2 breeds, a male and and female, you can start with them.
	- Again, with some little money, you can acquire the fish feed.
	- And even if you fail, you can start again, learning from your previous mistakes.
	- "Once there is a will, there is a way".
	- "The only limit, we have is our imagination and will power".
	- "If you can dream it, you can make it. That is all it takes to succeed. A Dream and a will to get it done"
	- That is the whole point I am making.
	- The argument ended because my mom came in and was saying that it is very disrespectful to exchange words with my father. This is a typical African-Ghanaian home, where your elders are ALWAYS right, and never WRONG.
	- But I am determined to prove him wrong. I did it once, when they told me that I was wasting my time when I was struggling to teach myself how to code. Eventually, my hard work paid off, and that project got me to do the programme of my choice(Computer Science) even though I gained admission to do Statistics.... That is a story for later...
	- This time around, I am going to challenge my dad and prove to him that:
		- "Once there is a will, there is a way"
		- "The solution to every problem, lies within the boundary"
	- I agree totally that "Nothing can be made out of nothing".(Only God can)
	- Something can only be created from something, not nothing.
	- And so, as the 3rd thing I am trying to prove to him, I will start with nothing.
	- I will leave the house without taking anything along(except the clothes and shoe/slippers I am wearing), without informing anyone, leaving a note on what I intend to do.
	- I will be gone for 10 years and after that I will make contact. I can even make contact early if I succeed before that time. But 10 years is the period I have given myself. To become a very successful man in the society.
	- I strongly believe that "anything you put your mind to, you can achieve it".
	- This I know will be difficult and almost impossible. but I operate differently. Tell me I can't do something, and I will prove you wrong by doing it.
	- I intend to break all odds and "define my environment and not let the environment define me".
	- To do this, I will have to settle a few things.
		- I have to clear my hands of all the projects I am handling at the moment.
			- Asa-nwura
			- Digimark
			- Church of Christ website and apps
			- DistroTech's blog
			- Samuel Essuman's school project
			- ICODE's management portal
			- IDeL Management Information System(idelmis)
			- And my personal blog
		- I have to let Christiana Acquah(Chris) know of my decision. 10 years is way to long for her to be still waiting for me. I will set her free from this relationship and let her know that, I will come back for her after that time. I have already declared that, either I spend the rest of my life with her or no one else. I will do my best to support the family and her financially while I am gone. If she chooses to wait for me, I will be very grateful. However, if she moves on and is happy with her life, I will be happy to. IF she is not happy, I won't be able to forgive myself for letting that happen to her. At least, I will try and stay in touch with her. I will update her on my progress, but I will never accept any help from here. I have to do this alone( but with my God, whom I strongly believe that He is able to do exceedingly, abundantly than all we can think or ask for).
	- This is a challenge I must do. If I succeed, I get to prove that:
		- "Once there is a will, there is a way"
		- "The solution to every problem, lies within the boundary"
		- "With God, all things are possible".
	- But if I fail, The only possible cause for that failure is, I swayed away from my God.
	- I am very late for  class(I do a part-time teaching at Believer Education Center, Mpohor, Ghana) so I win end it here.
-