- Spy Glasses 
  Using a razor blade, peel of the top polarizer of an LCD monitor. What you get is a white screen monitor. But if you stick back the polarizor, you can see the actual pictures displayed on the monitor. Simply stick the polarizor on a clear glasses and you have a glasses which allows you to see the pictures on the monitor while others around you will be wondering why you are staring a white screen. #fleeting #[[tips & tricks]] #[[cool tricks]] #wired #[[spy tech]]
- [[Event Sourcing]] vs [[Event Driven]]
	- Event sourcing is mainly concerned on how the state in an application is persisted. Instead of perisisting the  data as the current state of the application, Event Sourcing persists the actual events that were emitted during a process and those events are replayed to derive the application state.
	  
	  Event Driving on the other hand is more concerned about the events that are published by an application. Consumers subscribe to these emitted events and so that they can react to these events. #fleeting #concepts #[[Knowledge Base/Software Architecture]]
- [[Event Sourcing]] in Laravel
	- model Event sourcing systems with an Event Storming Diagram
	-
- [[LogSeq Tips]]
	- source:: OneStutteringMind
	- Have a catch-all tag. E.g: fleeting
	- Indent information that belongs together
	- Organize Journals into sections with Markdown headings
	- Use pages as nodes of association, not only locations (todo: explain this)
- NDC Conference: Security #fleeting #security
	- Algorithms to used for password harshing
		- bcrypt
		- argon 2id
		- pbkdf2 + HMAC
		- scrypt
	-
	- MIC: Message Integrity Code
	- TLS Benefits
		- TLS is the main protocol under HTTPS
		- Confidential: Spy cannot view your data
		- Integrity: Spy cannot change the data
		- Authenticity: Server you are visiting is the right one, because the initial public key in a TSL exchange is gonna be signed by a Certificate Authority
	- HTTPS
		- HTTP is a combination of 2 things: a Key Exchange
	- EdDSA: Edwards Curve DSA
	- ChaCha20
- Laravel API Generator #fleeting #packages #php #laravel
	- This is a package that takes in an Open API Schema Definition file and turns it into a full blown Laravel API.
	- It will generate routes, controllers, migrations and models.
	- Using [Fractal PHP]() it will generate a full JSON:API complaint REST API.
		- Supports Atomic Operation
	- Using [Lighthouse PHP](), generates a full GraphQL API
	- It should properly handle required, nullable and optional fields
	- `oneOf`, `allOf` types should create a ploymorphic type
	-
- Dev Log
	- project:: #asa-nwura-backend
		- I have hit a roadblock.
		  I need to create a Person entity to be linked with the user in the Flutter mobile app. 
		  This `Person` entity also requires an array with at least one `PersonName` entity.
		  
		  I already have a GraphQL API to handle nested operations like this, thanks to Lighthouse PHP.
		  However, I need to write Freezed classes for each entity by hand which is very error-prone considering how nested operations types are defined in the GraphQL Schema